[RUMBLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: I am
really looking forward
to this edition of
"Beyond Belief."
Antonio Arilo is with us, a
spiritual mentor and guide.
Now, his mission is to integrate
spiritual principles and tools
into society to access
higher dimensional energies
and optimize the way we live.
Antonio, welcome to the program.
>>ANTONIO ARILO: Thank
you for having me.
Glad to be here.
>>NOORY: Tell me
a little bit more
about yourself and
your background.
>>ARILO: All right.
So I was born in New York.
My mother is from
Dominican Republic.
My father is from Puerto
Rico, so mixed with that.
So I was raised in Saint Croix.
That's the Virgin Islands--
Saint Croix, Saint Thomas,
and Saint John in Saint Croix.
Then I came to Miami in 1996,
went through my school years,
was raised in the church--
Christian Pentecostal
to be more exact.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>ARILO: And so that
was my first entry
into any kind of spirituality,
religion, things like that.
And then after spending
about maybe 10 years
within the church
structure, I entered
into the spiritual community,
the online spiritual community,
through Facebook.
And there I met a
lot of people that
were very spiritually gifted.
And they helped initiate
me into perceiving
reality outside of the
religious structure or just
out of the box, just out of
the matrix, reality period.
And so that was a really
big initiation for me.
And then it just evolved
into me developing
my own spiritual abilities,
my own psychic abilities,
being able to access
spiritual information even
about myself,
about other people,
about how reality works,
and things like that.
And then it branched off into
me developing and creating
services and courses
and things like that.
And here I am.
>>NOORY: You got into it in
a big way once you started.
>>ARILO: Yes, I did.
>>NOORY: What is
sun consciousness?
>>ARILO: Sun
consciousness represents--
it's just like when people
say Christ consciousness.
It's a form of
Christ consciousness,
but it's more of a
universal consciousness,
bringing many different
consciousness that
are here on Earth to
help humanity evolve.
So it's more of an over
encompassing consciousness
that bridges the gap between
many different layers
of understandings.
>>NOORY: What made
you decide you
wanted to be a spiritual coach?
>>ARILO: I've
always had a desire
to help people and
serve the collective.
And so once I started
practicing doing energy work--
very simple Reiki sending
energy kind of thing--
I realized that I
had a gift for it.
It just came very natural to me.
And when I began helping people
and assisting them and just
hearing the feedback that
people were giving me-- very,
very positive--
it struck something within me.
And I told myself, I
really, really would
like to get more into this.
And it just evolved over
time into me creating
many different services.
And it just brings
a lot of joy to me
to really serve people
in a spiritual way.
>>NOORY: Well, you've
helped a lot of people.
And your clients think
the world of you.
>>ARILO: Yes.
>>NOORY: And it's important
for you to know that.
Accessing these
higher dimensions.
Was it easy for
you, or is it hard?
>>ARILO: Well, my first official
breakthrough was in 2015
when I was meditating.
It was very intense meditation.
And I felt like my consciousness
hit some kind of ceiling.
And as I focused harder, I felt
like I broke through something,
and then I just felt this
huge expansion in my head.
And I was like, whoa.
I just felt this energy.
This flow of energy just started
rushing all throughout me.
And as I started
to connect more,
I started to receive the
messages that I broke through
into higher dimensions.
And I was like, whoa, because,
at the time, all I understood
was 5D stuff.
But what I was receiving
from my spiritual guidance
is that I broke through, and I
was in the seventh dimension.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>ARILO: And then
I started to go
even higher because I was
like, wait, if I can go here,
I can go higher.
Because I like to always test
myself to see how far I can go,
what I can handle,
and things like that.
So I broke through higher.
And I started to understand the
ways the dimensions operated
and the precautions that
I had to take in order
to navigate them safely
because there is always
good and bad within
these dimensional planes.
And it just--
>>NOORY: Depends
on how it's used.
>>ARILO: Yes, it depends
on your intentions
when you're accessing those
dimensions, of course.
>>NOORY: What is Draco tech?
What is that?
>>ARILO: Draco technology is
fourth dimensional cybernetic
implants that the
Dracos themselves
have used to plug people into
certain cybernetic structures.
So these structures have
been in place for, I mean,
thousands of years, ever
since the Dracos have
taken over this solar system,
even though that's not
the case anymore.
But in the past, when
the planetary energy
was in a much lower,
heavier state,
there was a lot of these
huge infrastructures,
these cybernetic infrastructures
that plugged people
into a false reality.
>>NOORY: Ah.
Not good.
That's not good, is it?
>>ARILO: No.
So what I have come to
understand is that Draco tech--
it is implanted on
people to hinder them
from awakening to who they are,
hinders them from perceiving
reality for what it
really is, and makes
them perceive themselves
small, other people small.
It can hinder you in just
about every way possible.
>>NOORY: Antonio, who puts this
Draco tech within somebody?
>>ARILO: So there used to be
some kind of funnel installed
within the fourth
dimension as well.
When many souls
would incarnate, they
had to go through this funnel.
And they got Draco tech
implanted on them depending
on who they are because
everyone's soul signature is
different.
Everyone's mission is different.
So there were
specific Draco tech
that were installed
within certain souls that
carried certain codes to
run a particular mission.
And it was to hinder them
in a very particular way.
>>NOORY: Aha.
How do you detect
it on your clients?
>>ARILO: Well, I basically
just tune into their energy.
And it's first
with my intentions.
I just project the intention
that I want to tune
into that specific
layer of energy,
and then I can just
see it on people.
And it can be in any
part of the body.
>>NOORY: They say a picture's
worth a thousand words.
>>ARILO: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Let's take
a look at how you
do some of what you just said.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- So what I am seeing right
now is this piece of-- it looks
like a disk, a metal disk
that's almost like it's trying
to reach your heart area.
But it's outside of your heart.
It's outside of your field.
It's not necessarily
there, but it's outside.
So this is trying
to cause self-doubt.
That's one thing.
It's trying to cause questioning
yourself, questioning reality,
not trusting yourself.
There is this
element of where it's
trying to make you feel small or
trying to make you stay small.
But it's also affecting
the perception,
trying to make you feel small.
But your energy is
nothing like that.
You have a very
expansive energy.
But I can see that
you're also stepping
into a deeper, more powerful
version of who you are.
And so there's an
initiation process that's
going on with you right now.
And I can feel
that this thing is
trying to put you back in
this limited self perception.
And so that's one of
the things that I see.
All right.
All right, so I'm going
to move it on to you.
And just let me know what you
can perceive with yourself
as well.
- So as soon as we
started talking about it,
I actually perceived
something in my eye.
- The third eye?
- Yes.
It's almost like a technology
that comes through as--
that limits my
perception of reality.
- Reality?
Yeah.
OK, so I'm looking
at that right now.
So this is something that
I find a lot of times
with people where it either
blocks, hinders, or distorts
spiritual perception-- not
just spiritual perception,
but just your
perception on yourself.
It could be on a human level,
emotional, mental, et cetera.
But it definitely
affects the spiritual.
All right, so now I'm going to
begin removing these things.
Just tune in and
focus on my energy
and pay attention
to how I'm removing
everything and the steps
that I take, et cetera.
- OK.
[SIGHS]
- I just felt a load
lifted off my chest.
And so you pushed away whatever
was in front of my heart space.
It's been pushed
away, and it's gone.
I actually feel lighter,
like I can breathe.
I just feel like my
third eye is pouring out.
There's light pouring
out of my third eye.
I just feel so much lighter.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: How were you able
to push that away from her?
>>ARILO: So I use
various spiritual tools.
It could be a blowtorch.
It could be some pliers.
>>NOORY: A blowtorch?
>>ARILO: Sometimes.
[LAUGHS] These energetic
little blowtorches
that I use to cut or
to burn something off
of people because some tech
is thicker than others.
And they require different tools
to either cut, burn, or just
remove in different ways.
I also have an energetic
sack that I use
or a bag, a trash bag basically.
And it uses black
hole technology
where it just opens
a little black hole,
and I just put it in.
>>NOORY: Poof.
>>ARILO: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: What is
consciousness traps?
>>ARILO: A consciousness
trap is a perception
like if somebody is giving
spiritual perspectives, right?
And it is a perspective
that traps people's
thinking or traps people's
mind into a way of thinking
that is not conducive to
their spiritual growth.
>>NOORY: Does that happen a lot?
>>ARILO: It happens a lot.
I see it very, very frequently.
And this is something that I
try to address in the best way
that I can to help
people understand how
to spot these things and
how to prevent themselves
from falling into these
consciousness traps
because these consciousness
traps are intended
to limit people's ability
to connect with themselves
and to limit their own
perception of reality.
>>NOORY: Do people get
themselves trapped on
their own or outside forces?
>>ARILO: It could be
from outside forces,
like outside
spiritual influences,
but also with many
people that they follow--
reading perspectives,
reading all kinds of content,
ingesting video content,
written content, reading books.
These consciousness
traps are everywhere.
And it's not always intentional.
Some people who are I guess
sharing perspectives that
may have a little bit of
distorted perspectives to them
can trap people.
Some of these people have
very good intentions,
but they may not always
understand everything
that they are sharing
or how harmful some
of those perspectives can be.
And so many of the people
ingesting that content--
because when you ingest
someone's information,
it's not just information.
It's affecting you on
some level subconsciously.
>>NOORY: How do you safely
navigate these people, Antonio,
through this mess?
>>ARILO: So what I do is--
a big thing that I try to
teach is spiritual discernment,
how to discern
information especially
because this is the
age of information.
This is the age of disclosure.
So there's a huge hunger for
the truth, for knowledge.
And so with that
comes a lot of traps.
And so what I try to
instill in my audience
and my clients is
to really learn
how to discern and
take the time to really
integrate on a personal level
the information that they're
ingesting.
For example, creating their
own spiritual practices,
their own meditations,
and things like that.
These are the things
or the practices
that will create
the space for people
to really digest the information
that they're ingesting properly
so they can separate what
is good and what is bad.
>>NOORY: And that's a
big separation, isn't it?
>>ARILO: Yeah, because
what I find a lot of times
is there's a lot of
information overload.
And people are ingesting so much
information, so much content.
But they're not
developing the practices
within their own personal lives
in order to really process
that information.
It's just stuck up here.
And it's just full
of good and bad.
And it's just-- yeah.
>>NOORY: We hear a
lot about the matrix.
What are matrix grids?
>>ARILO: So the matrix
grids are layers.
It's like mechanisms
that manage our reality.
And, of course, our
reality is comprised
of many different layers.
But a matrix itself is basically
a geometric crystalline--
so if you can imagine
a platonic solid,
and it could be any shape.
So that would be a
crystalline matrix.
It's made out of
crystalline energies.
And within it, it can
either contain a planet,
a solar system, a galaxy--
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
Really?
>>ARILO: --and so
forth and so on.
So there are many
different sizes and layers
to these matrix structures,
and each of them
have their own grid system.
And so these grid systems
are different colors.
They affect different
aspects of reality.
They basically manage the
ecosystem of our reality.
>>NOORY: Are they
in other dimensions?
>>ARILO: They are in
other dimensions, yes.
They are multidimensional
grid systems as well.
>>NOORY: This
crystalline matrix.
What creates that?
>>ARILO: So the
crystalline matrix
is one of the most advanced
spiritual technologies that
have been created.
They are created from
many of the higher
multidimensional
creation beings.
This could either be
the creator dragons
or other beings that
are very, very high
level that create the
structures of these things.
>>NOORY: Since you've
been doing this,
what has been one of the most
gratifying things you've done?
>>ARILO: Well, I
really just enjoy--
>>NOORY: You can
tell you enjoy this.
>>ARILO: Yeah, this is
one of my biggest passions
is to help people in
whatever way is needed,
whether they need a clearing
or enlightening people
on certain perspectives
or helping them
connect with themselves deeper.
That's one of my
biggest passions
is to helping people connect
with their own multidimensional
selves and just seeing the
illumination in their face
and in their voice when they're
actually making that connection
and putting certain puzzle
pieces of themselves together.
That's very gratifying for me.
>>NOORY: Do you put them back,
Antonio, on the right path?
>>ARILO: So what I do
is I try to align people
with their own path.
And I do that
through mentorship,
through these
clearings that I do
because a lot of these things
that are on their energies,
it redirects
people's trajectories
and gets them into
things, whether it's
consciousness traps or
distractions or other things
that will distract them and take
them away off the path of where
they need to align themselves.
And so what I do, I just come
along either with mentorship
or whatever is needed to
redirect their focus where
they need to go.
>>NOORY: Are these matrices
good things or bad things?
>>ARILO: So these matrices,
originally they are good.
They are created
to basically manage
the many different
layers of reality.
But unfortunately, many of
them have been hijacked.
>>NOORY: By?
>>ARILO: By malevolent
artificial intelligence.
>>NOORY: Aha.
When we get into
more intelligence,
artificial intelligence,
there's been a concern
that they're going to
take over the planet.
Are you concerned about that?
>>ARILO: Not at all, because
that is not what the higher
timeline is indicating.
This is more of
a lower timeline.
This is a projection from the
artificial intelligence itself
where it wants as much of
the collective as possible
to align their consciousness
with that reality
so that we can manifest it.
But that's not the timeline
that we're on at all.
It's the complete opposite.
>>NOORY: So that doesn't
concern you at this time.
>>ARILO: Not at all.
I'm not concerned.
>>NOORY: How many other
planets in our solar system
are affected by this?
>>ARILO: So each planet has
its own matrix structure
with its own grid systems that
affect the multiple realities
of that specific planet.
>>NOORY: But they're
all connected?
>>ARILO: They are all connected.
So if one matrix system
of a certain planet
is negatively
impacted, it's going
to impact the grid systems and
the matrix of another planet
to some capacity.
>>NOORY: How do you know when
you school a client that you're
schooling them the right way?
>>ARILO: Well, what
I do is I align them.
I call forward
their higher self.
I call forward the
galactic elements
that they are
connected to so we have
a whole group of spiritual
and intergalactic beings
that are there present.
And so there is a
lot of confirmation
and just a lot of
alignment that's there.
>>NOORY: Have you ever gotten to
a situation where you thought,
I'm in a little deep?
I don't know how I'm going
to get out of this thing.
>>ARILO: So the way I navigate
this reality is I am always
connected with my
higher self at all times
and my spiritual team
and my galactic team.
So every time I am stepping
into a particular territory
frequency-wise,
there is precautions
that I take all the time.
Whenever I'm stepping
into something new,
I stop and discern
what this thing is
and how I can navigate it
the safest way possible.
>>NOORY: How spiritual
are we as human beings?
>>ARILO: Spiritual?
I can say that there is
a big awakening happening
right now within the
collective consciousness.
And I feel like there--
>>NOORY: That's a good thing.
>>ARILO: That is
a very good thing.
More people are becoming
more aware of our reality
in many different layers.
Everyone is on
their own journey,
but there is a huge awakening
happening on so many levels.
People are awakening to
their own past lives,
their own multidimensional
avatars that
are existing parallel to them.
So there's many
layers of reality
that people are awakening to.
>>NOORY: What do you think
is fueling this awakening?
>>ARILO: What's fueling this
awakening is the restoration
of the matrix of this planet.
So there has been a lot
of work done throughout--
the past five
years, there's been
a lot of work being
done on the matrix
to restore the grid systems.
And since the grid
systems affect reality,
these grids have been--
the mechanisms of them
have been initiating people
into this awakening.
It's been bringing in these new
energies that's been awakening
people on different levels.
>>NOORY: Gaia, Mother
Earth, is what we live on.
Does this affect the planet in
the right way or the wrong way
if it's done not correctly?
>>ARILO: So Gaia is one of
the biggest tools of ascension
right now that I guess you
could say the universe is
using to awaken the collective.
And yeah, it's an incredible
force for good right now.
I feel like there
are elements of it
that I feel that over time will
readjust and shift according
to the many different energies
that are coming through
for humanity because with these
different layers of energies,
there's going to be a need for
new content and new information
and new things to
be brought forward.
And so Gaia is at
the forefront of that
bringing these things forward.
>>NOORY: Can anything
go wrong here, Antonio?
>>ARILO: Anything is
possible for sure, yeah.
But I feel like humanity is
in a particular frequency
right now where the
likelihood of that to happen
is very, very low.
>>NOORY: Take me on a simple
course with what you do.
Let's say I come
to you as a client.
And I say, Mr. Arilo, I just
don't think I have it together.
I don't think I'm doing
things the right way.
I'm making a lot of
mistakes with my life.
What am I doing wrong?
What do you do?
>>ARILO: So the first
thing I do is identify
the spiritual attachments that
they have on their energies
because this is the
stuff that affects
their perception, their
self perception, how
they feel, how they operate, how
they take care of themselves.
So that's the first
thing I address.
Then this could be negative
entities demonic entities
or Draco technology, or it could
be curses or just other things.
So that's the first thing
that I address in them.
And then we do a
clearing, and then we
follow up with other sessions.
For example, a
higher self reading
is what I do where I
channel information
from their own higher self
about the multidimensional
connections they have, the
galactic connections they have,
so that they can begin to
receive more perspective of who
they are, so they
can start stepping
into a more broader
understanding of what
they're here to do.
And that helps them overall.
>>NOORY: Are there many
spiritual abilities
available to all of us?
>>ARILO: Yeah, so
on a base level,
we have our psychic abilities,
our clairvoyant abilities,
our empathic abilities, and our
ability to connect with each
other on a telepathic
level-- and that includes
the extraterrestrials as well--
and our ability to channel
energy and do various forms
of energetic work.
>>NOORY: Antonio,
as we have talked
in the past about the DNA
activation, the ability
to change the life spiritually,
you performed the DNA
activation on a client.
Let's look at that, and then
you can tell us what you did.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- First, we're going
to begin by pulling up
the DNA strands that would like
to show themselves right now.
So I want you to go
ahead and do that.
Just pull them up and have
them lined up horizontally
right in front of you.
- OK.
They're in front of me.
This particular DNA
strand has to do
with the Pleiadian
connections that you have,
your Pleiadian family.
It's almost like
your involvement
with many of the
things that you've
done, whether it's in the
SSP or just your Pleiadian
multidimensional aspects
and your family coming
through with this
particular DNA strand.
And so activating it
further will help you
connect even deeper than
you've already been connecting
with your Pleiadian roots.
So this is really interesting.
All right.
OK, so now I'm just
going to ask you
for some feedback to
just let me know what
it is that you are perceiving.
You can let me know
the other DNA strands
if you feel so inclined.
- So it makes a lot
of sense because I
feel like I've had a little bit
of trouble connecting deeper
in with the
Pleiadian connection.
And it just came
through, I don't know,
in the last couple of weeks--
understanding more of that.
And so, I mean, it makes
perfect sense to me
that this would come up
to activate now so that I
can continue that connection.
So it's really cool that
was what you got from that.
- All right.
So the DNA, the way it looks
to me is the vibrancy of it
looks like it could be activated
further where it can vibrate
even louder, just
more pronounced,
the energy and the way that the
light is reflecting from it.
So this is going to allow
for better clarity when
you do continue to connect
with your Pleiadian roots.
More of your Pleiadian
family is going
to come through, especially if
you want to dive into the SSP
connection.
That might want to come
through there as well.
And your involvement with doing
different things, especially
terraforming and
things like that--
I can feel that that's a big
part of your Pleiadian roots
amongst many other
things as well.
So a lot of that
information is going
to come through a
lot more fluently.
- Wow.
- So I'm going to do an
activation right now.
So I'm going to send it through.
And I just want you to
give me some feedback
as to how that
looks energetically
for you on your end.
[SIGHS]
- OK, so as I was
seeing it before,
it was almost like the bottom of
it was spinning in front of me,
rotating.
And the bottom of it was
darker and almost like
if you have a plant, and the
plant leaf is shriveled up
and wilted.
It almost looked like that.
And so when you did the
activation, this burst of light
hit the whole strand.
And it just started
vibrating differently,
and all of that darker
energy went away,
and it just turned
almost iridescent.
And my head's tingling
as I'm talking.
My hands are tingling too.
So definitely feeling it
on the physical level too.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: How did you know she
had a Pleiadian background?
>>ARILO: So when I am tuning
into people's DNA strands,
they are connected
to different things.
And that includes
their galactic roots
or any of their other
multidimensional roots.
And so that's what
comes through.
So what I see-- sometimes
I see it in words.
I see "Pleiadian" in my head.
>>NOORY: Did her DNA need
a lot of patching up?
>>ARILO: So with that
one in particular,
it was the light of
it was a little bit
dim because it was,
as she explained,
some darker energies in there.
And so what I needed to
do was do an activation
where it illuminated it.
And it was just vibrating
in this crystalline energy.
And what that allowed was
for her to connect deeper
with her own
Pleiadian roots to get
more of the information
and the clarity.
And that's what it does
normally for when I am
addressing other DNAs as well.
>>NOORY: Would you say
that her case is pretty
indicative of many cases?
>>ARILO: Yeah.
So with her in particular,
she has certain connections,
especially with the SSP and
with other galactic groups.
And I've seen that with
many other people as well.
Honestly, it's never
really the same.
Every DNA session that I
do, it's always unique.
It's always unique.
There's always a
different element to it.
>>NOORY: When you were
doing the DNA activation,
exactly what does that mean?
>>ARILO: So the DNA is all
of our spiritual abilities,
the connection to anything
that we could possibly
imagine-- spiritual,
multidimensional, galactic--
is contained within the DNA.
And, of course, there is the
more organic bodily functions
of it too like the
blood and the bones
and the cells and
stuff like that.
And so when I do
these DNA scans,
I basically just call
forward or have the client
call forward their
multiple DNA strands,
but only the ones
that would like
to show up because everything
is always an intuitive element.
And they just line
themselves up.
And one DNA could be responsible
for a Pleiadian connection.
Another one could be responsible
for their psychic abilities
or their clairvoyant abilities.
And each of them could be
affected in some kind of way
negatively.
And so I just go and just
do whatever activation
is necessary, whether it's
channeling light or clearing
some distortion away from
it, or if I'm rearranging it
with energy because
sometimes I also use tools
with the DNA as well.
And so it depends on what is
needed for each DNA strand.
>>NOORY: When she came
to you for assistance,
what did she ask for?
>>ARILO: She asked
for a DNA activation
because she felt that there
were certain blockages that she
was having with regards to
connecting more with just
her own spiritual connection.
And so I was like,
yeah, let's do it.
And so what came up was
her Pleiadian connection
because she is
someone that's been
trying to connect the dots
better with regards to herself.
And so that is where she started
with the Pleiadian connection.
And, of course, that expanded
into many other layers as well.
>>NOORY: If you could put
together the perfect DNA
combination, what would that be?
What would make somebody
the most optimal?
>>ARILO: The most optimal.
So there's the DNA
for the third eye.
Then there's the
one for the body
and then the DNA for their
galactic connections.
>>NOORY: And you can
work on all those?
>>ARILO: And I can
work on all of those.
Now, the one with the
body is really important
because people have different
blockages in the body,
of course, because of what
they eat and lifestyle
and things like that.
So sometimes I would do
a certain DNA activation
that would, for example, help
the energies of their heart
or help them move through
certain emotional blockages
because we also hold
emotions and heavy things
within the body as well.
And so these DNA
activations, what they do
is that they help the
body release energy.
So these releases can
manifest in them burping,
vomiting, extra trips
to the bathroom,
yawning, or things like that.
>>NOORY: Do you solve more
emotional issues or physical?
>>ARILO: It's more
emotional, but many of them
trickle down into physical.
>>NOORY: What is
multidimensionality?
>>ARILO: Multidimensionality
is basically us having other
versions of ourselves or other
avatars that are existing
in multiple
dimensional realities--
>>NOORY: Within us.
>>ARILO: --within us.
But they are also
parallel to us.
So within us, we
have the ability
to connect with those parallel
versions of ourselves.
But they're not
exactly within us.
But the ability to connect
with them is within us, yes.
But they exist in multiple--
>>NOORY: Is it us?
Are we the
multidimensionalities?
>>ARILO: So every person has
their own multidimensional
aspects or
multidimensional avatars.
>>NOORY: How many?
>>ARILO: It depends
on the person
because, with some
people, it's 10.
Some people, it's
even more than that.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ARILO: Yeah.
So these multidimensional
avatars can be angelic.
They can be in the
fairy or dragon,
and they can even extend into
the extraterrestrial realm.
Some people have
avatars in the SSP
that are existing parallel
to their human self.
Like myself, for example,
I have other avatars
that are in the SSP or existing
as other extraterrestrials
at the same time as this
version of myself here.
>>NOORY: How do you
get rid of an avatar
that you don't want around?
>>ARILO: I don't get rid of it.
They're just there.
>>NOORY: You keep them?
>>ARILO: It's not
that I keep them.
It's that they're just existing
doing other important missions
that I'm honestly not fully
aware of all the time.
But they're just doing other
things in other realities.
>>NOORY: Some people
sometimes, Antonio,
are not cognizant of their
lives, their many lives.
How do you unlock that?
>>ARILO: So I take
people through a process
of asking certain questions
if they want to know more
about their past lives.
And I help to guide
people so that they
can connect with the memories.
So what I do is that I
open the energetic channel
because people usually
have certain blockages that
prevent them from
accessing certain memories.
So I just clear the
channel, and then that
allows for the memories
and all the information
to start flowing through.
>>NOORY: What happens next
with the human spirit?
Where do we go after this?
>>ARILO: Well, it's a process.
But I feel like now
what the universe
is doing with the collective,
one of the biggest focus
is the body and
purging the body.
That would be changing
certain habits and lifestyle,
exercising, doing
ceremonies, really
clearing the body so that
the body can become a clearer
vessel to hold these
higher energies that
are coming through.
And the integration
of all of that
will be in the
spiritual practices
that people create and cultivate
in their personal lives.
So this is the big
focus for everyone
is to cultivate their own
practices so that they
can become a clear vessel to
embody the new energies that
are coming through.
>>NOORY: Do you teach
people to do this?
Or can they do it on their own?
>>ARILO: Yeah, people
can do this on their own.
But if they need
additional assistance,
I do provide that in my courses.
>>NOORY: Do you
deal with children?
>>ARILO: Children?
No.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>ARILO: They're
just not my focus.
I deal mostly with--
>>NOORY: Just not your
specialty I guess.
>>ARILO: It's really-- no.
Yeah, it's not my specialty.
>>NOORY: What would
you say in your career
of helping people this way
was the strangest person who
ever approached you?
And then what
happened after that?
Oh, many, many.
>>ARILO: Yeah, I've had
many strange experiences.
>>NOORY: Any dangerous to you?
>>ARILO: No, no, no.
I've never--
>>NOORY: They don't go crazy?
They don't lunge at you
or anything like that?
>>ARILO: No, no, no.
I have a very strong layer
of protection in my energy.
It doesn't really attract
any crazies like that.
But I've had some
bizarre type of clients.
For example, there
was this client
that I was helping her
unlock some past life
memories because
she has some trauma,
but she didn't fully understand
where it was coming from.
And so I helped unlock
some of it for her.
And it traced back to
her being experimented on
by certain machines and
artificial intelligence
in past lives where they
were hacking into her brain
and putting all kinds of
physical cybernetic things
on her energy.
And when that information
was coming through,
she had a very traumatic,
visceral response to that.
And she started
crying and wailing.
And this is all on
the phone online.
It's not in person.
And so I helped walk
her through that.
But yeah, that was
really intense.
>>NOORY: And what are
they like afterwards?
>>ARILO: It's a big
release of energy.
And they feel so much lighter.
There's always a joy
at the end of it.
But in their own processes--
because a lot of them, they
do give me feedback weeks
later and just let me
know how they were doing.
So a lot of times, in
their integration process,
there's more releasing.
There's more of an
emotional thing that
happens throughout the weeks.
And then they come
back and be like, hey,
this is what happened.
Thank you very much.
But they're always
very grateful for.
>>NOORY: If you
had a magic wand,
and you could wave
it over humanity,
what would you ask for?
>>ARILO: So that humanity
is more understanding
of the spiritual
elements that are trying
to integrate because a
lot of what's happening
is even though we're moving
forward with a timeline,
it could be going a
little bit faster.
And the reason why
it's a little bit slow
is because of their ability
to grasp and understand
what is happening.
And so I would wave a
magic wand to speed up
that aha moment for people.
>>NOORY: Can we make this shift?
Can we make this move?
>>ARILO: Yes, we can.
We are actually very well on
our way to making this shift.
>>NOORY: What things do you
have coming up to get us there?
>>ARILO: Well, I
have some courses
that I am in the process of
creating that will initiate
people into certain
energies and equip them
with certain spiritual
tools so that then they
can help other people.
So I am focused on
creating leaders
and so that people can step
into their spiritual leadership
roles and so then
they can create
their own stuff
and their own tools
and help other people that way.
>>NOORY: Antonio, how
do people find you?
>>ARILO: So they can find
me through my website,
thesunconsciousness.com.
It also has all the links to
my social media, Facebook,
Instagram, and YouTube.
>>NOORY:
thesunconsciousness.com.
>>ARILO: Yes,
>>NOORY: Do you have any regrets
in the path you've taken?
>>ARILO: Regrets?
No, I can't say that I do.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
What happens next for you?
>>ARILO: Well, we have
an event that we're
going to call the Sun
Fire Festival in August.
Yeah, so that's
going to be joining
a lot of different Indigenous
energies and also new wave
energies that are
going to help usher
just these new
energies in for people.
So it's going to be
very interesting.
I'm also looking forward
to other potential events
this year that hopefully
I can be a part of.
>>NOORY: Do you ever
turn down a client?
>>ARILO: I have turned
down a couple of them,
especially with the courses.
People are free to book the
regular one on one sessions.
I don't really turn them down.
But if they want
to do the courses,
there is a screening
process, an interview
that I do with them just to
make sure they're a fit for it.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ARILO: So there were some
people that were just not ready
for it.
So this could be with either
their intentions were not
in the right place, or they
were just genuinely not
ready for that level yet.
>>NOORY: Is the clientele
more men or women?
>>ARILO: It's been the vast
majority of them were women.
>>NOORY: Is that
interesting and intriguing?
Why is that?
>>ARILO: It is very interesting,
but I understand why.
And that's because
there are aspects of me,
especially in past life, that
I made some kind of contract
with the female polarity
to basically be there
for the feminine collective.
>>NOORY: You know you're
healing the planet doing
what you're doing, don't you?
>>ARILO: Yes.
>>NOORY: How do you
feel about that?
>>ARILO: I feel very
much in alignment
with myself and my mission.
>>NOORY: Antonio, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>ARILO: Thank
you for having me.
Very glad to be here.
>>NOORY: What an incredible
person to have on this planet,
healing this planet
when not a lot of people
have been doing it.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]